daylight gives you a sense of the power
that came from the air Israel says it
targeted various Hamas field commanders
but what that means is that Israel
targeted a camp for the internally
displaced their tarpo in tents no
protection against Israel's military
might Israel deemed this a safe
Zone they told us to flee to alasi we
believed them and came to khun we moved
our belongings as you can see we were
sleeping safely with our children at
12:30 at night we heard missiles around
six of them I don't know what they hit
children and women people flew it's an
Indescribable feeling body parts we took
our children from under the sand 11
months into this war Israel does what it
wants there is no accountability no real
pressure from the International
Community Palestinian lives seemingly
don't
matter we came here to check people and
we saw holes tents buried under the sand
we can no longer see the tents look
where are they everything is buried
Rescuers came and they started pulling
some out but others are still missing
they have nothing to do with resistance
or anything they are unarmed people this
is just another day Stephanie Decker Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz